Things which we should get into mathlib!

Number fields.
--------------

1) Define a Dedekind domain.

2) Prove that every ideal of the integers of a Dedekind domain factorises uniquely into prime ideals.

3) Define the class group of a Dedekind domain.

4) Define a number field.

5) Define the integers of a number field

6) Prove that the integers of a number field are a Dedekind domain.

7) Prove that the class group of a number field is finite.

8) Define the zeta function of a number field.

9) Prove that the zeta function of a number field has a meromorphic extension to the complex numbers.

10) Define the regulator of a number field.

11) State the analytic class number formula.

12) Prove the analytic class number formula.

13) Do everything for global function fields.

Group cohomology.
-----------------

1) Define group cohomology [NB I have an MSc student, Shenyang Wu, working on this]

2) Prove the Hochschild-Serre spectral sequence.

3) Prove the long exact sequence of terms of low degree.

4) Define profinite group cohomology for discrete G-modules.

Galois theory
-------------

1) State the fundamental theorem of Galois theory for finite normal separable extensions of fields. [NB there are students at Imperial working on this]

2) Prove the fundamental theorem of Galois theory.

3) State and prove the version for algebraic normal separable extensions of possibly infinite degree.

Local Fields
------------

1) Set up the basic theory of fields complete with respect to a discrete valuation (integer ring, uniformiser, PID, finite extensions, extension of valuation)

2) Set up the basic theory of Galois groups of finite extensions of p-adic fields (Frobenius elements, inertia groups, higher ramification groups, lower numbering, upper numbering)

Galois cohomology
-----------------

1) Define the algebraic closure of a field. [NB Chris Hughes is working on this and there is some hold-up involving limits which I've never entirely understood]

2) State local Tate duality.

3) Prove local Tate duality.

4) State the global duality theorems (Greenberg-Wiles etc).

5) Formalise proofs of all the theorems in Milne's book "arithmetic duality theorems".

Harmonic analysis
-----------------

1) State the Pontrjagin duality theorem.

2) Prove the Pontrjagin duality theorem.

Elliptic curves
---------------

1) Define an elliptic curve over a field k.

2) Define the group structure on the k-points of an elliptic curve, proving that it is a group.

3) Prove that if k is a number field then the group of k-points of an elliptic curve are finitely-generated.

4) Define the L-function of an elliptic curve over a number field, proving it converges for Re(s) sufficiently large.

5) State the conjecture asserting that the L-function has holomorphic continuation to the complex plane.

6) State the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture for elliptic curves over the rational numbers.

Algebra
-------

1) Eigenspaces and generalised eigenspaces.

2) Structure theorem for finitely-generated modules over a PID.

3) Jordan decomposition

Algebraic Topology
------------------

1) Define homology groups H_n(X;R) and cohomology groups H^n(X;R) of a topological space X.

2) Define homotopy groups pi_n(X) of a topological space.

Representation Theory
---------------------

1) Define a representation of a group over a field (or perhaps even a ring or semiring)

2) Maschke's theorem

3) Schur's Lemma.

4) Basic representation theory of finite groups (e.g. irreducible characters form a basis of class functions on the group)

5) Extension to compact Lie groups.

Modular forms
-------------

1) Definitions and basic properties.

2) Finite-dimensionality of a space of modular forms of fixed level and weight.

3) Hecke operators and eigenforms.

4) State Deligne's theorem attaching Galois representations to eigenforms.

------------------------------------

Also some chores (from Chris Hughes)

- zmod - requiring a pnat is a superfluous assumption, it should be refactored so we can quotient by zero. Also, zmodp should take a nat.primes and not a hypothesis hp : p.prime so there is no need for two types.

- GCD domain - Currently integrated with normalisation domain, but there should be a version without this since there are GCD domains that do not have a normalisation function. Maybe GCD domains are just pointless though. [KB indeed can't (yet) see the point of these things]

- Bundled Homs - refactor ideals, subgroups etc to use bundled Homs.

- mv polynomials - degree lemmas, integral domain etc, everything relevant on polynomials should be done for mv polynomials.

- finset.Icc, list.Icc, finset.Ioc etc.
