Example sheet 4 is extremely problematic from a Lean point of view.
A lot of the infrastructure I need is not there, and even if I implement
it I will only be able to do some of the questions.

INFRASTRUCTURE

Let me first talk about the infrastructure issues. De Moivre's theorem
is used again and again in this sheet. To prove it I will need to define
sine, cosine, and complex exponentials as power series, and then show
that they can be manipulated in the usual manner. Before this one would
need a robust theory of convergent series and sequences, which I think
might have just appeared in Lean. I will also need to define pi
(as the smallest positive zero of sin) which will involve proving that
sin is continuous, and proving the intermediate value theorem. Having
defined pi I will need to compute explicit values of sin(q*pi) and cos(q*pi)
for various rational numbers q (e.g. 1, 1/2, 1/3, 1/4) because these
things are used both explicitly and implicitly (for example Q3 implicitly
uses the fact that sin(pi/4)=cos(pi/4)=1/sqrt(2)). I will need to prove
the binomial theorem (although this will be child's play
in comparison with this stuff above). 

Setting up the infrastructure needed to prove basic results about
cosine and sine which every mathematics student knows before they
come to university will hence take a vast amount
of time and, given that I am already behind (it's mid-November and sheet 5
is out), and that there are other issues with this sheet as well,
I think it might be best if I skip the sheet entirely at this point.

OTHER ISSUES.

The other reason I hesitate to embark upon sheet 4 is that even if
I put in the vast number of hours needed to build all the infrastructure
above, I will still not be able to do all of the questions. Here are
the issues I will not be able to deal with.

Q1 is problematic for Lean. Two things go into mathematics -- proofs, and
ideas. Lean is good at proofs, but the ideas in Q1 are far too high-level
or Lean. My answer to (e) is that (b) and (d) are not rigorous proofs by any
means, but they are very important ideas. 

Q2 is also problematic. Implementing the infrastructure issues will
enable me to prove cos(3t)=4cos(t)^4-3cos(t). However what actually happens
when one presses the inverse cosine button on a calculator? Some
explicit algorithm to compute the inverse cosine is invoked. I have
no interest in coding such an algorithm, either in Lean or in
any other programming language.

Questions 3 to 5 should be possible, but only after all the infrastructure
issues have been resolved.

CONCLUSION : I will think about this sheet later.
